hello guys you go here and today I've
got something that's probably never done
before but I don't know that maybe
somewhere on YouTube
but this three hidden trap door using
distance and the way it works is not
simple you gotta have some yeah you
can't make it by yourself but you gotta
have some experience with it with these
torches and stuff you can of course use
a piston down here to get a block with a
torch right here but it like this so if
you want this just like here with George
allow it on the same world
you've got a power dis lock to turn it
off and they're attractive but if you if
this is still powered what is retracted
then this piston will turn on and you
don't want that so you give it like a
three tick pulse so will retract this
turns on again and it's the blocks no
longer powered so this will not give any
pulses or something move those blocks up
and for the middle part I have the Box
in here that extends two blocks to here
and that happens after your kisses right
here come in this place so they would
they will be powered by torches allowing
these blocks and then for attracting
these blocks have to go away first and
then these got retracted up to here and
I'm not sure I can show that
so let's close later this goes again as
you see so that takes a little bit more
time then for example it's three by
three vertical hidden door I've also
made a tree a tree he didn't see this
piston or some time ago and I will also
do a video on that but this was more
special so I did this first so I hope
you like it and take a look at it
download it and subscribe if you haven't
already because there's some awesome
stuff going on on here in this channel
and I hope you see you again why